I just want him to stay on the road
Tortured him piece by piece
Now the big picture is set
10% of Fuji's shares are in your hands
What are you afraid of?
I'm just worried that this woman will pit you
Didn't you say it all?
He and Fu Siye have divorced
The man who went to the company gate to find him was another man
If the child is in private business
His little boyfriend
You can still come and deliver things without caring
Yeah.
Maybe I'm being too suspicious.
I know your dad's death hit you too hard
How to put on makeup is your business
Anyway, he is in the company
There are various ways to bully him
I won't ask any more
Our family has been alienated and made like this
He had such a hard time
And now she's pregnant.
Tonight's fun
Never let him live too comfortably
come
Let's congratulate the book manager
Congratulations to the book manager
I'm going to take a call first
Hello business
Oh, I have a company dinner now
I may be back later.
Lu Automotive Repair doesn't know what abacus he has
You have to be careful to send me the location in advance. Hmm.
I see.
If I don't reply to your message in half an hour
Just give me a call
You're sitting here alone so early
This party has been specially prepared for you
I'm not feeling well.
Don't drink
Don't give me face
I really can't drink
Okay, I won't make it difficult for you.
I'm going to have a cigarette